inventories/farming_spot 1 True
items/dynamite 1 True
inventories/player_inventory 1 True
items/sterile_wort 1 True
crops/flax 1 True
items/sawblade 1 True
inventories/filter_splitter 1 True
crops/wheat 1 True
inventories/brewing_barrel 1 True
items/plank 1 True
mood_effects/excellent_at 1 True
items/cherries 1 True
items/half_plank 1 True
inventories/dining_table 1 True
mood_effects/good_at 1 True
misc/trade_hub Infinity True
mood_effects/just_got_up 1 True
mood_effects/uncovered_bed_bottom 1 True
items/mushroom 1 True
misc/map_ping Infinity False
inventories/buffer_chest 1 True
inventories/bar 1 True
misc/melee_fight 1 True
inventories/character_loot 1 True
inventories/workbench 1 True
items/zombie_flesh 1 True
mood_effects/great_at 1 True
items/wooden_path 1 True
items/glass_pane 1 True
crops/tomato 1 True
misc/tech_tree Infinity True
misc/networked_inventory_slot 1 True
mood_effects/uncovered_bed_top 1 True
inventories/market_stall 1 True
inventories/sack 1 True
crops/pine_tree 1 True
mood_effects/ate_without_chair 1 True
misc/world_object_destroyed 1 True
mood_effects/drank_ale 1 True
items/cabbage_seed 1 True
crops/wheat_planter 1 True
items/sapling 1 True
mood_effects/ate_without_table 1 True
crops/potato 1 True
items/stone_slab 1 True
items/stone_path 1 True
items/glowing_sign 1 True
misc/weather_manager Infinity True
items/sign 1 True
misc/teleport_manager Infinity True
items/rhododendron_flowers 1 True
mood_effects/ate_uncovered 1 True
misc/world_object_harvested 1 True
misc/world Infinity True
inventories/cheese_vat 1 True
items/doormat 1 True
inventories/chest 1 True
inventories/settler_inventory 1 True
items/rough_stone_wall 1 True
misc/time_manager Infinity True
items/coconut 1 True
items/scrap_metal 1 True
items/foxglove 1 True
items/slate 1 True
inventories/player_crafting_menu 1 True
items/wheat_plant 1 True
items/drill_bit 1 True
crops/cabbage 1 True
